README.md, before:

# memorise
memory game

<h1 align="center">Memorise Game</h1>

[View the live project here.](https://andna5980.github.io/........)

This is Memory game Website. This website has been designed to be responsibe and interactive from different devices in order to make the navigation user experience easy and enjoyable.

## User Experience (UX)

-   ### User stories

    1. As a user, I want to rapidly understand the purpose of the website and get the information about the game including how to play it.

    2. As a user I want to be able to navigate through the page in a ease and clearly way.

    3. As a user I want to find on the site easy and fun to play. Also, I would like to see relevant information that help me understand the benefits of playing this game.

    4. As a user, I would like to chose diferent levels of difficulty. 

    5. As a user, I would like to find their social media links, so I can see if the have other products. 
    
    6. As a user I would like to be rewarded every time I win. 
    
    7. As a user I want to be informed of the different areas of the screen game. 

-  ### Design
    -   #### Colour Scheme 
        -   The main colours used in the site are, a blue-violet , white and a color called sandy Browm. We tried to used a reduce  and  simple selection of colours, mainly associated with color kids.
    -   #### Typography 
        -   The two main fonts used in the whole website are Original Surfer and  Amatic, using Helvetica as the fallback font. We choose Original Surfer for all the titles as it has some nice features that can be associated with kids websites, this font looks attractive and fun. Arial is also use in some areas as is a very clean font easy to read.  
    -   #### Imagery. 
        -   All the imagery we used is based on LEGO, either LEGO Characters or LEGO bricks.
        
*   ### Wireframes

    -   Home Page Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/andna5980/memorise/blob/main/assets/wireframes/homepage.pdf)

    -   Mobile Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/andna5980/memorise/blob/main/assets/wireframes/Mobile.pdf)

##  Features

-   Responsive with all device sizes

-   Include interactive elements

##  Technologies Used

### Languages Used

-   [HTTML5]
-   [CSS3]
-   [JS]

##

Commit message:

Frameworks, libraries and programs used.

README.md, after:

# memorise
memory game

<h1 align="center">Memorise Game</h1>

[View the live project here.](https://andna5980.github.io/........)

This is Memory game Website. This website has been designed to be responsibe and interactive from different devices in order to make the navigation user experience easy and enjoyable.

## User Experience (UX)

-   ### User stories

    1. As a user, I want to rapidly understand the purpose of the website and get the information about the game including how to play it.

    2. As a user I want to be able to navigate through the page in a ease and clearly way.

    3. As a user I want to find on the site easy and fun to play. Also, I would like to see relevant information that help me understand the benefits of playing this game.

    4. As a user, I would like to chose diferent levels of difficulty. 

    5. As a user, I would like to find their social media links, so I can see if the have other products. 
    
    6. As a user I would like to be rewarded every time I win. 
    
    7. As a user I want to be informed of the different areas of the screen game. 

-  ### Design
    -   #### Colour Scheme 
        -   The main colours used in the site are, a blue-violet , white and a color called sandy Browm. We tried to used a reduce  and  simple selection of colours, mainly associated with color kids.
    -   #### Typography 
        -   The two main fonts used in the whole website are Original Surfer and  Amatic, using Helvetica as the fallback font. We choose Original Surfer for all the titles as it has some nice features that can be associated with kids websites, this font looks attractive and fun. Arial is also use in some areas as is a very clean font easy to read.  
    -   #### Imagery. 
        -   All the imagery we used is based on LEGO, either LEGO Characters or LEGO bricks.
        
*   ### Wireframes

    -   Home Page Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/andna5980/memorise/blob/main/assets/wireframes/homepage.pdf)

    -   Mobile Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/andna5980/memorise/blob/main/assets/wireframes/Mobile.pdf)

##  Features

-   Responsive with all device sizes

-   Include interactive elements

##  Technologies Used

### Languages Used

-   [HTTML5]
-   [CSS3]
-   [JS]

### Frameworks, Libraries and Programs Used

1.  [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com)
    - Google fonts were used to import fonts into the CSS file.
1.  [Font Awesome:](https://fontawesome.com/)
    - Font Awesome was used on all pages to add icons mainly the footer.
1. [Visual Studio Code:](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
    - Visual Studio Code is the main editor used to write the code and also to commit and push to Github.
1. [Bootstrap 4.4.1:](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/getting-started/introduction/)
    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.    
1. [Hover.css:](https://ianlunn.github.io/Hover/)
    - Hover.css was used on the Social Media icons in the footer to add the float transition while being hovered over.
1. [jQuery:](https://jquery.com/)
    - jQuery came with Bootstrap to make the navbar responsive.
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
    - Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
1. [GitHub:](https://github.com/)
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
1. [Tinypng:](https://tinypng.com/)
    - Tinypng was used to compress all the images used in the website.
1. [Balsamiq:](https://balsamiq.com/)
    - Balsamiq was used to create the wireframes as part of the design process.
